1. Setup - All the participants should submit one or more “pitkit” with a name of an entity. Like in
the party game charades, an entity could be a celebrity, a movie title, an abstract concept, or any
other entity that the group of players will decide is legal. The goal of the setup is to create a
unique corpus of words for a single game. There is no limit on the total number of “pitkiot” but a
minimum amount will be configured at the initiation of the game.

2. Teams building - The participants will be divided into 2 equal groups of players.

3. The game - The game has 3 stages that happen in a row. At the end of the 3rd stage of the game, a
winning group will be announced based on the points count. Every stage is constructed of rounds,
each round has the following mechanism:
    a. The group selects a player to be the “translator”.
    b. The translator has 1 minute (configurable) to “translate” as many words as possible to
    his\her group, according to the stage rules. The group members need to guess to which
    word\entity the translator is referring. The group should keep guessing until they got it
    right is the time is up.
    c. Upon correct guess of the group, the translator will mark 1 point to the team. The
    translator can skip a word X times (configurable) in a turn (can be configured at the game
    init phase).
    The “pitkiot” (the corpus of words) are not recyclable during a stage, only between stages. The
    stage ends when there are no more “pitkiot” left to guess.

4. The different stages rules -
    a. Free description - Similarly to the game “Taboo”, the translator should describe the word
    without using it or giving a too direct hint to it. For example, if the word is “cat”, the
    translator should say something like: “A pet, mammal, furry with a long tail and a
    mustache, tom for ‘tom & jerry’, etc”. An illegal translation would be “an animal that
    rhymes with hat”.
    b. One word description - The translator can say only one word related to the word in the
    “pitkit”. The idea here is to reference something that came up in the descriptions of the
    previous stage. For example, if the word is “cat”, the translator should choose a word like
    “pet” \ “mammal” \ “tom” etc.
    c. Pantomime - Straight forward, the translator should do a pantomime of the word.

5. End of game - When the 3rd stage is over the game automatically ends. The scores from all 3
stages is summed up and a winner (or tie) is declared